Relevant media: 9ltq4p65qro91.gif


Seems very inefficient
  └─there are tools for this
    └─our mouths
      └─he said extract not drink it.
        └─I’ll do it
      └─extract not drink
        └─oh so the other guy says the same thing and gets upvotes but you get twice as many downvotes
          └─reddit isnt about what you say, but how you say
          └─reddit sex
            └─yes
          └─Duality of man


Ok cool she can lactate, what's the experiment? Is she gonna drink it? is she gonna mix it with chemicals? Where's the actual experiment?
  └─That’s how candy people are made :)
     (This is a joke)
    └─To be fair you are actually not too far off haha
       She uses her dna and dumbs it down to make the candy people
    └─You can't make candy out of straight milk. I don't see where you're going.
      └─Well seeing as how she is Princess f'ing "BUBBLEGUM" I  going to go out on proverbial limb her and say that MAYBE, just MAYBE she lactates some sort of sugar based mother fluids. There for her "experiment" to make candy people would actually make some gods be damned sense!
        └─Mabye it's a liquid version of cotton candy mix before it's spun in the machine.
          └─That would be kinda neat, either that, or it's like the juice from juicy drop pops.
            └─Or warheads sour spray
              └─No that’s what comes out of lemongrabs dick.
                └─Ok what about Strawberry Milkshakes? That would seem more realistic of what would come out if Pinkie's tits
                  └─But that’s not candy related. My guess would be liquid sugar or the stuff that makes starbursts so juicy.
      └─Well.. it was an experiment, was it not? 
         And anyway it’s a joke, doesn’t have to mean anything if it’s funny enough to make someone laugh
  └─I'd be quite curious to know what it tastes like
  └─Mix it with coconut. 
     Also that's wasting milk. she should let a pro (like me) do it for her.
  └─Thought the same thing


Sauce?
  └─ManyakisArt
     https://twitter.com/ManyakisArt/status/1074239095616921600?t=VRPKucyVzFe6ke8LBjHK5g&amp;s=19
    └─I knew i remember that light glow
  └─Adventure Time. Not sure which episode tho


Is it supposed to be pink?
  └─only if you are a whale
    └─Also hippos
  └─She is quite literally made of bubblegum, so I guess that's the normal color for her.


this is not optimal


It’s sucrose not milk


its bubble gum vodka


Perfect loop doesn't exi...


Kinda nice and sad that I instantly know the animator. Also there is no way PB would milk her nipples in an erlenmeyer flask, and one of that size too, use a beaker or a volumetric at least jesus
  └─I think she just wants milk, I don’t think she gives a shit about proportions
    └─she isn't even using a proper tool for it, i don't think she gives a shit *at all**
  └─Hey they're pretty distinctive, no shame


Can confirm, very difficult to collect milk like this\~
  └─For males it's even harder


This is how bubblegum flavored drinks are made


Taste like double bubble gum


Mommy Bubblegum


Milkers of reddit, why can't she out the nipple against the erlenmayer to not waste it?
  └─Lactating lady here,  she could definitely position her nipple closer, but sometimes it can shoot out randomly from one of several ducts connected to the nipple. 
     I know from my efforts to do things like aim it into a cup, sometimes the duct that's positioned in a totally different direction will fire off a stream and then my sheets get soaked.
  └─Idunno


Sugar milk


not a fan of lactation but holy fuck that's beautifully animated
  └─Me neither but I agree


0 o 0 want exactly T H A T


I would like a cup, please


People really trying to make sense of this lol


She fucking missed
  └─but you can see she's collected a lot over time. imagine how much is on the floor.


Better animation than 99% of anime.


[deleted]
  └─bruh
    └─Honestly I just wanted Gif link, so I could share this with my friend. 
       If I will share whole post then he would have to come to reddit again.


Sparkly milk


I volunteer as a test subject


No


What’s her experiment tho


I ain't the only one who's dying to try


Downloadbot?


Need helping hand


Mmmm... fresh milk, literally.


u/savevideo


u/savebot


u/savevideo


Hold up....


she finally solved the mystery behind what's inside the bubblegums
  └─This is what makes starbursts so juicy.


Who got her pregnant tho
  └─Who said she ever got pregnant? She's made of candy, and was able to make the population of her kingdom in a lab, it's entirely reasonable that she just made a pill that could give her the hormones necessary to lactate.


This actually makes sense


u/redditmp4bot


who's the artist animator?
  └─i wish i knew as well :/


usa un embudo mamapinga


u/savevideo


u/savevideo


u/savevideobot


Be aware of homelander


This is how starbursts are so juicy.


Anyone wanna fap to pics in dm. Let me know.


This sudden realization came to mind that we have been in our mother deepest part than our fathers' could ever go for like 11 months and sucked milk from- 💀💀💀 
   I am not indicating to any incest shit but it's just the sudden realization... uh
  └─We don't suck milk in there for 11 months, but quite the blood passes through us. Then we succcc milkies when born because that's the function of dem milkers.


I want some


Who wants to tell me where to find more of this


u/savevideo


I actually like the way she grabs her breasts. Anyone else? 😂


