Relevant media: 4j9tefqb7vm91.jpg


People on the comments don't really read the rules, huh?


r/usernamechecksout


[sauce](https://twitter.com/Mako_T_/status/1568192491253137408?t=HCuPorNy5iB5f8h_YV-8Hw&amp;s=19)


We all miss her. Though she did come back as Nazuna, and she’s essentially the same person there.
  └─More unhinged then before
    └─Because nobody limits her at vshojo
      └─Not sure if that's a good thing... She didn't exactly have the most healthy relationship with her fans at Holo...
        └─Good point. However a ton of her JP viewers  were "maidenless incels" and could not separate roleplay from reality which led to harrasment because of the discord message incident. I'm not saying everyone is or was like that or that she doesn't have this kind of viewers now  but hopefully it's gonna be better.
          └─A bit problem was her mindset too tho. I just hope she's learned from her past.
            └─Unlikely, she made a pretty nice living from selling wedding ring merchandise
              └─She still sells that shit..? Jesus...
            └─We all hope.
      └─Good


We miss rushia*
   Fr tho, I miss all the ones that left :(


[removed]
  └─That’s considered an “open secret”, so yes.
  └─Why does everyone say this as if it's true? I don't understand why nazuna has to be rushia and no other possibility exists
    └─Nazuna is Rushia and Coco is Kson. It is what it is.
      └─You can't prove that, at least not the nazuna=rushia part
        └─Man you're as dense as lead.
          └─Disrespectfully shut the fuck up
            └─Lol. Dude just accept the fact that Nazuna is Rushia just like みけねこ is Rushia.
        └─What's there to prove? Watch some Rushia, then watch some Nazuna. Boom there's your proof.
          └─Isn't rushia's channel deleted though
            └─Not the thousands of clips of her out there
              └─I bet that if I watch them you'll say the similar voice is proof they're the same person
                └─No, I'll say the near identical mannerisms and running jokes are proof they're the same person.
    └─She's... done literally everything short of saying it directly, and is playing up the exact same set of in-jokes while behaving the same way with the same distinctive voice.
       I honestly wonder how you can arrive at any other conclusion.
      └─Because it seems a little strange to immediately assume that nazuna is rushia and accept that as an ultimate truth while sharing that information as some of truth with no one ever questioning it
        └─[removed]
          └─Bruh wtf is a copium
        └─[removed]
          └─[removed]
            └─&gt; Isn't Kson like super open about the fact she used to be Coco though?
               She has never directly said it, no. But she gives as many references as Nazuna does about Rushia.
               &gt; wouldn't Calli and gura be unable to have separate channels while being part of hololive?
               Not how that works. Matsuri has always had a still-active streaming channel outside of Hololive, and Noel still actively does IRL ASMR on her other channel. DemonDice is still active too, literally dropped a new album not too long ago, along with showing up on streams, videos, and events (she was at AX). Senzawa is inactive since Gura's debut, tho Gura is busy as all fuck, and I'm sure she doesn't wanna deal with all the callouts she'd get on Sen. She had ~a million subs at the time of her vtuber debut.
               They are allowed to have separate channels, as long as they are exactly that: separate, and they don't say who they are. Hololive is not as strict as you might think, they let a LOT of stuff happen that most people would think is a pure NDA break.
              └─That seems very strange, hololive vtubers getting to have a second channel while being part of the company is weird because their second channel wouldn't make any profit for hololive since they likely take a portion of any money the vtubers earn. 
                 So people say Kson is Coco but there's been no direct confirmation of it much like the situation with nazuna. So how the hell are people so damn sure when there's no direct confirmation of it being true?
                └─&gt; hololive vtubers getting to have a second channel while being part of the company is weird because their second channel wouldn't make any profit for hololive since they likely take a portion of any money the vtubers earn. 
                   Hololive doesn't own the person, they own the character. This allows people to do whatever they want outside of hololive. This is honestly more healthy than a modern day contract that's being handed out by most MCNs.
                   &gt;how the hell are people so damn sure when there's no direct confirmation of it being true?
                   How do you know that black holes exist? Have you ever seen one? Is there 100% confirmation? You can use common sense and make a very educated guess. Before Coco graduated, when she would stream as Kson, and people in her chat would call her Coco, she would say nothing, but put a finger up to her lips like "shh". Not good enough for your common sense? More recently, DemonDice was streaming with Ironmouse, and she literally called her Calli by accident. Or is that too "chance" for you?
                   It's not rocket science my guy.
                  └─How in the hell are you going to tell me to use common sense with vtubers when it's just people pretending to be a character? Like if anything that would fall outside of common sense
        └─It's accepted and shared as truth because it's been inferred *beyond reasonable doubt*.
           Could Nazuna theoretically be a different person emulating Rushia for one reason or another? Maybe. Is it likely? Not remotely considering you'd need a *lot* of specific skills and traits for that, with which you could easily succeed without risking an impersonation drama blowing up in your face.
          └─[removed]
            └─While that may be a valid concern in general, this is a rare case where the chance of the 'headcanon' being wrong is insignificant. She's not even trying to pretend otherwise, just not confirming it outright - which might very well be because of one NDA or another.
               If it *isn't* the same person that was behind Rushia, why would she deliberately act not just similarly but for all intents and purposes identically? Not to mention how she appeared together with Kson, who's even less subtle about who she used to be.
    └─My guy is in such a denial that someone that sounds exactly the same, acts the same, does exactly the same inside jokes, reaches the exact same frequency with her screams and even references her past at Hololive is more plausible than just the same person playing a different character. God, you must have an awful lot of trouble with actors and voice actors...
       Then you go on to say "it's too good to be true", while Kson is literally right there, living proof that it's possible to just play another character once you move on from another.
      └─Not sure why you brought actors into this discussion. They're not the same thing as a vtuber, sure both are jobs in entertainment but there's no other similarities. 
         As for Kson while I don't watch her I'm pretty she's directly confirmed and been pretty open about the fact that she used to be hololive's Coco, whereas there's no direct confirmation that nazuna is rushia
        └─She hasn't "directly confirmed" it ever, both are in the same terms of "anonymity", everyone knows it's them, talents know the community knows, but they never directly state it. Same way everyone knows Calli is Demondice, Kiara is Keekihime, etc etc.
           Also, it's really not that hard to put together, Rushia leaves Hololive, Mikeneko streams again after years of not doing so, and stops streaming again once Nazuna debuts. 
           She literally teases chat with being Rushia in her debut stream, same way Coco does, same way Calli does. 
           The signs are there, clear as day, whether you're just delusional and in denial or just a troll it's up to you.
          └─I'm not a troll and being labeled as one is fucking annoying. 
             And unit nazuna or vshojo give direct confirmation of nazuna being rushia trying to claim that she is will be nothing more than baseless speculation
            └─You are a troll or you were dropped on your head multiple times from a tall place as a child. Neither agency or talent will be able to confirm this due to how an NDA works, more so how a Japanese NDA works.
              └─So because I don't believe that nazuna is rushia you decide that it's a good idea to call me a troll (which I'm not) and insinuate that I was abused as a child. That makes no sense. 
                 Also I don't see why nazuna or vshojo would be unable to give a direct confirmation on wether or not nazuna is rushia
    └─What other possibilities? Clones? Skinwalkers?
      └─Or the more reasonable it being a different person
        └─ Nazuna is Rushia. All you have to do is listen to her screams. If that’s not enough, then look at when she said “Not pettan! Not pettan.” and you’ll see the similarities.
          └─I don't see how that proves anything, there's plenty of people who have similar or even identical voices despite not being related. 
             As for the pettan thing plenty of other vtubers do it, within hololive itself plenty of members don't like being called pettan and recently one of nijisanji's vtubers got upset because some of the others got a chest size increase
            └─Yes because it's totally more feasible that a completely different person has:  
               1. The same voice
               2. The same laugh
               3. The same screams
               4. The same catchphrases
               5. The same English pronunciations (and voice)
               6. The same friendship with K-Son
               Here's a question, why are you so dead set that it's *not* her? There's a huge pile of evidence that it is, and your only rebuttal so far has been, "well it's POSSIBLE for two people to have the same voice". For the pettan thing that's not even a good argument. Yes it's a running joke among many flat vtubers that they don't like being called flat. But how many of them EXACTLY respond with,  
               \&gt; NO! Not PETTAN. Am Boin boin!  
               That's a pretty unique Rushia response to the pettan joke, one that Nazuna uses verbatim. Are you going to just imply that she's trying to be a Rushia copycat? Do you really think K-Son would jive with a random person trying to steal her friend's identity like that?  
               At this point I see it one of two ways. A) You were a diehard Rushia fan who took her departure way too personally but can't stand her being anything but "Rushia", so you reject Nazuna irrationally. Or B) You're a massive troll.
              └─I am rushia fan though I wouldn't say that I'm super diehard or anything. And I wouldn't take a vtuber leaving their company as something personal because that's stupid, the only effect it has on me is being unable to watch that particular vtuber
                └─You didn't answer my question, why are you so adamant that it is not her?
                  └─Well it seems a little too good to be true. And it's also not a guarantee that they're the same person yet people treat it as a truth
            └─I’m not gonna force you to watch clips of Nazuna to prove that she and Rushia are the same person, but there’s way more people that know it’s Rushia. Kson herself basically knows it’s Rushia, and they’ve worked together in the past.
              └─But why does nazuna have to be rushia and not someone who just sounds similar? The evidence you gave me can easily be countered since the second one isn't even an exclusively rushia thing. 
                 There's is more than one possibility to everything
                └─Maybe ur just retarted and cant figure it out...
                  └─Woah there's no need to call me a retard over this
                └─[deleted]
                  └─Sounding alike isn't evidence. Plenty of people have a similar or identical voice without being related. 
                     The pettan thing isn't an exclusively rushia behaviour as other vtubers have done it
    └─[deleted]
      └─Wtf kinda proof is that?
        └─[deleted]
          └─That isn't necessarily true. Someone else could have changed the account name. Though it's surprising that rushias Minecraft account wasn't deleted once she was taken out of hololive
            └─[deleted]
              └─Uncircumcised onion? Ok I'm willing to be there's a story behind how you came up with that.
              └─Why did you need to throw in an insult into your reply? Like is is really worth it to insult me just because I don't believe in the conspiracy that rushia became nazuna
            └─[deleted]
              └─If I was brain dead I wouldn't be alive at all in order to make any of these comments. Are you sure you aren't stupid yourself?
                └─[deleted]
                  └─It's definitely possible that some external party did it since there's no confirmation that nazuna is rushia
    └─Ears exist, that's the primary reason


I'm pretty alright with where she's ended up since then. I do hope she can find some peace, in addition to the new job, but antis are unfortunately relentless.


I came here to be horny... not to be depressed...
   *Jokes aside, I do miss her under the hololive umbrella... although she maybe on a different company (which is great, tbh, i'm not against of it),
   Despite I watch the same person on a different Model/company... Somehow just feels... different... it's really a weird feeling to witness it unfold abruptly... 
   The community's reaction from it really put a bitter taste of it. 
   The fact that it happen on Valentines day &amp; when Russian Invaded Ukraine did not help at all... 
   Sigh...
  └─February really was a wild ride uh
    └─Literally, was speechless and depressed from an event no one asked unfolding abruptly by our very eyes


I lost all respect for her after how she went about things during febuary.
  └─From all, I gathered she didn't mean any harm, she just didn't go about it the right way. Everybody makes mistakes at some point
    └─100% but she had many chances to fix it. She went about it in such an immature and unprofessional way, and when you think about it shes a grown ass adult. She could have just took a break for a few months and everything would go back and everyone would forget about it


I miss her, which is why I’m doing a masterpiece of all three of her models.


[deleted]
  └─I really don't think the other company is a "much happier place" compared to hololive
     Edit: nvm he deleted his comment lmao


o7


I dont lol


Every day goes by I don’t get to hear her screeching and pounding her desk is another say of pain. Hololive dropped the balls here and with coco.
  └─go watch nazuna on twitch she plays basically the same character anyway
    └─Sure she still plays the same character but no more collabs with holomems ever again or even any 3d live concerts
      └─I don’t think so. Nijisanji has taken the initiative to collab with VSHOJO… if Hololive were to see the success, probably, Cover would approve under certain conditions… **please comment if you disagree**, but I think that might be the case.


I miss her too,why did you not put a rushia drawing?


