Relevant media: bsjx95tr0oq91.jpg


It’s kinda like how if anyone else wore Ina’s or Subaru’s outfit
  └─Honestly tho, Ina rocks her outfit better than anyone else could. Just look past the seiso.
    └─Ina’s back
  └─Ina yes, but Subaru's outfit is literally just a normal outfit that a volleyball girl would wear in high school. Source: Went to high school in California
    └─The other outfit
      └─Eh I still don't think it's all that lewd. I could still picture someone wearing that one at a Starbucks or something
        └─You do mean the one with her panties showing, right? Whatever Starbucks you go to, I wanna go
          └─The one with suspenders and a grey top right? It's really not bad lol. The sides of the shorts are cut out sure, but they're just hips. You've clearly never been to California if you think that's bad because most late teens early 20s girls around there have booty cheeks out lmao
  └─My best friend's little sister is into cosplay.
     She fell down the rabbit hole....she did a bunch of the outfits and everything was going fine till she tried to do an accurate Kiara cosplay.
     She said "Wtf is this just two belts?" 
     The dimensions on that skirt defy real world physics.
  └─I didn't realize how bad (or good) Fubuki's original outfit is for a long time. I mean, look at those shorts.
    └─the shirt too
  └─or Roboco's outfit


It’s the look on her face that makes it hotter
  └─It really is


"Let's pretend I'm still Pekora."
   "My nuts will not survive this."


november approaches and her power grows stronger


It's consistently lewd on everyone except Pekora
  └─The bunny suit cancels out on Pekora because she’s already a bunny, it’s PEMDAS or something like that
  └─I probably wouldn't be lewd on Russia either


She fills it out a lot more
  └─Unpopular opinion (maybe): bunny suits are hotter when they're loose on the chest


goodluck surviving no-nut-november if risu puts that on
  └─risu would be getting plenty of nuts afterwards


Look out! She's going to take our nuts!


Instant graduation if Noel puts it on.


Art by 2ru
   [Twitter](https://twitter.com/robbilgigih/status/1574972303632310272)


So as a joke


Seems like chest size gives the impact


*ˢᵗᵉᵖ ᵒⁿ ᵐᵉ*
  └─why is that n so much taller than the rest of the letters
    └─Why did I make it smaller, why not


It's basically a bunny suit with a half dress, normally it's lewd but it's balanced by how much of a war criminal Pekora is.


I always knew it was extremely lewd. I blame Waero


