Relevant media: 8m6wsi2uyhv91.jpg


Calli be like "oops did I do that"


Nice


Huh, rude...
  └─[deleted]
    └─I didn't even see Kiwawa in the background lmfao
    └─How is it betrayal if they’re only friends? lol
      └─[deleted]


youre a bitch


I don't know why people are assuming that Calli is cheating on Kiara in this. Given that there is an island counter is almost certain that Kiara would around to use the counter and see them. And there's no way that they could look decent in time as she is turning. This means that they must be consenting to a polygamous relationship. A polygamous relationship would be optimal for Takamori as Calli likes likes guys (as well as girls) and Kiara is in a relationship with Pomu, Ame, Nene, etc; being poly allows them to suit their individual needs.
   Therefor using logic we can assume that this is not Calli cheating, Q.E.D.
  └─most sane calli fan
    └─/rh Calli is love, Calli is life
       /uh Calli is love, Calli is life (but Kiara is my oshi)
      └─/rh CALLI WON'T DATE ME BUT WILL COLLAB W HOLOSTARS WHAT A SKANK
         /uh suisei gang
        └─no cap i once saw this dude on twitter reply to almost every one of Callie’s tweets for the past three MONTHS. Each reply this dude accused her of betraying the male fans who “supported” her because of her interactions with Tempus. So you’re not too far off the mark
          └─Well it comes with the territory I guess but fucking hell.
          └─yeah its like that whole mess w Kronii. I enjoy all the talents but shit like that makes me cringe when people are being serious ab it. I feel bad for these girls
        └─What is /rh and /uh?
          └─/rh means based
             /uh means unbased
            └─Thanks
          └─[deleted]
            └─Thanks
  └─It's also fanart so idk why OP decided to call Calli a bitch, it's like a pointless insult. Like the kind of things clueless guys say to be "sexy"


Sauce: https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/97695687


A bit rude? Well, we call Marine cumslut so I guess it's ok(¿
  └─difference is Marine would likely ask on video to be called that way in doujins


I can fix her


Nah, that's Korone.


Isn't there one with takanashi? It's by the same artist


A fat ass cow, indeed


Time for calliope butthole eating Itadakimasu


Ah yes. The H-Protag level of Sneak. Now even a n ebony mail+stealth boy+muffled enchantment could rival this level of tomfoolery


