Relevant media: g2afvpcba0p91.jpg


Sauce
   https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/101367140
  └─god bless abmayo for consistently making the best miku hentai


r/Upskirthentai would appreciate this too
  └─and, so will /r/THICC_Anime


cute though


Blue and White striped are the best!!!


If ever there were a bubble butt that needed a good spanking... &lt;3


If I'd have to choose one of her best assets, It would be the cuteness factor. Assuming that her body type is close to normal I'm ok with that. If it's obviously not matching then I would complain. This includes non-NSFW artworks and Ecchi.


Isn't she 16?
  └─She was 16 when she was introduced in 2007
    └─So why does no one really draw her as aged?
      └─Ah yes, the tireless arguement from people that either can't or refuse to differentiate between fantasy and reality. If an artists states that the characters they draw are all 18+, you would still find a way to stick your morals on a character that is a drawing,  not a sentient being.
        └─Except I'm not even like that. Honestly, it's because of the exact people you're describing that idk what's okay anymore and what's not. I know I'm into clear adult depictions, though. I do think aging up a character is valid, but not nearly enough artists seem to really put effort into that. I do personally think interest in lollicon is a slippery slope, and so I'm sorry, the state of the world worries me, okay? 
           Plus, Hatsune Miku really is 16, and I've seen more porn of her where she doesn't look older than that then porn where she does. I didn't know which side this pic was on because she doesn't have much of a chest here. So excuse me for being weary.
          └─Ur arguing with a brick wall they like em young end of story they're just gonna keep defending their obsession with underage girls
  └─I feel like if your looking at hentai you should be used to defaulting every character to 18 in your head otherwise your tracking canon ages which can differ from artist interpretation. Also if you default it all to 18 then you never think about them being underage and that's important because I definitely don't want to be thinking about anything related to someone being under age when looking at hentai. 
     I kinda just typed that all out right after getting high so if it doesn't make sense and you think im a pedo I'm sorry and I'm not.


