Relevant media: p7bxjwrv1hx91.jpg


Gotta remember, dah man behind dragon maid was originally a hentai artist. He does not give a FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK!
  └─Im not completly sure he stopped
    └─He definitely didn't, [this](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/101353754) was uploaded to his Pixiv in September (NSFW, obviously)
      └─That is a whole manga series if I remember right the name is "Chi Chi Chi". General plot is collect guy, shota size, agreed to have one of his chatting friend as a roomate and then it ended up being the girl. Super ecchi style.
         Edit: Collect guy ----&gt; college guy
      └─That...that's strait up child porn.  
         I guess the dude is really into big boobed blondes fucking little boys...
        └─The guy is older then her. They are both college age.
        └─Fucking psychopaths equating cartoons to the literal abuse of children.
           You know that everytime you say something like that you devalue the meaing of the phrase just a little bit more, right? It won't be long before people like you have shoved the phrase "child porn" into the same meaningless basket that "racist" and "facist" and "nazi" and ... all exist in now.
           Those words used to have meaning.
    └─What name did he use to post hentai?
       Asking for myself, not a friend
      └─same name
  └─Don't forget he also made ChiChi ChiChi
     this shit is the bomb
     [https://mangaclash.com/manga/chichi-chichi/](https://mangaclash.com/manga/chichi-chichi/)
    └─Well this is interesting
  └─Couldn’t have said it any better
  └─Wait really? Well that explains a lot....


Manga had that midriff though 👌😫
  └─don’t forget what they took from you


The manga do be more unhinged


I feel uncomfortable seeing Lucoa with her eyes WIDE open
  └─Specifically in that picture. She looks like she just learned Shouta has a girlfriend and is trying to figure out how much godly power is too much to use on the hussy.
    └─Which chapter is this?


Yall, don't forget that the dude was a hentai artist and made this manga as well
   [https://mangaclash.com/manga/chichi-chichi/](https://mangaclash.com/manga/chichi-chichi/)


Kyoani did a great job on making this more wholesome.
  └─lol this. You know why its funny? I had no idea about how lewd the series could be when i watched it at first... with my 5yo son. I thought it was all wholesome fun because of all the Kanna clips ive seen. it is still wholesome thanks to Kyo Ani dialing it down.
  └─Absolutely. Same with K-ON, where they toned down most of the fanservice and semi-ecchi panels. Resulting in a much better product.
     Having said that I do enjoy the Lucoa spinoff mangas lol.
    └─Yep, it's simply amazing


Couldn't have made it more clearer


What if I'm only reading the manga?
  └─Based


In the anime they are D, but in the manga probably they are DD or E
   Altas gomas
  └─Bruh, if you think those are a D, you don't know jack about actual sizes. Those are like... K cups.
    └─I hope they were making the "D for dragon" joke
    └─It’s been somewhat confirmed her size is Q (in Japanese sizes) for her name. I remember it being posted on the sub lol
      └─For Quetzalcoatl
    └─When you have to clarify whether you're asking for tits or coffee, your tits are too big lmao 🤣
    └─It's because they always say they are size D (of Dragon), I know that those breasts are already inhuman lmao
  └─This is the first time I see someone from Mexico use that phrase. I thought it was only us Argentines.


I don't see what all the controversy is about.  What 10 year old boy wouldn't want a big tittied dragon goddess constantly smothering him in affection?
  └─The mangaka love Tits so being a Shouta in the relationship is idea in his image(tho my ideal image in his works is Ilulu x Taketo in relationship as well as Tits)
  └─One that values all the bones in their body
  └─Nah you’re just weird. When I was 10 I tried balancing light switches.
    └─When I was 10 I was trying to find my minecraft house like it was an episode of survivor
  └─The problem is HES A TEN YEAR OLD that tried to summon a demon.... Idk what he was looking for but it wasn't  for affection. Sounds like he wanted all the smoke
  └─I disagree, most boys at that age are still whatever about that.


Yeah lucoa is down bad in the manga, and she got her own spin off where she goes from down bad to down worse
  └─Need the sauce for this particular part. Asking for a friend ofc :)
    └─🤨📸


The true 106


I always funny to have characters with closed eyes suddenly opened there eyes like that out of being surprised
   Also this is we’re Quetz fell for him love can gut punch ya like that


lucoa is the best of all


I watched both seasons of the anime before starting the manga and was very surprised. The manga still features those wholesome relationships I love from the anime, but it is also *much* more lewd with *much* greater frequency.
   Many of the more recent chapters just straight up feature fully drawn tits, I swear it's just sneakily crawling its way towards being a hentai


The anime tones down the manga and focuses a lot more on the whosleome/character moments and enhances them. Imo the anime is way better than the Manga


Why would any adult have any opinion of her negatively lol. Like omg shes got big boobs my virgin eyes cant handle it
  └─because western culture \[or at less people in it that aren't fans\] just want to bitch and complain about shit


If I remember correctly. Ilulu had bandaids on her nips. I think it was when she goes back home and takes a bath after finding the dolls owner


I just love the one scene where, at least in the English translation, the one neighbor lady speaks to her in Spanish saying that she's still dressing like a (not very nice word for a woman).


I like dragon maid, but why is the people in this sub are weird to defend the hentai that the author makes?


Ooh boi no one are ready. Even if we had some foreshadowing of it in the part Shouta and Lucoa.
   Looking forward to Lucoa becoming the antagonist of the show
  └─&gt;Looking forward to Lucoa becoming the antagonist of the show
     Lols....what
    └─With how things are going and Lucoa remaining passive, it is obvious that one day she will take action.
       And since we are watching a story where everyone faces seemingly unbeatable obstacles, but manage to succeed anyway with strategy and such, what greater opponent than an almighty being?
       You literally can't beat her, so the only way out is to submit and hope she won't destroy you for her purpose, or try to reason her (and it starts to become more and more obvious that putting Shouta under the spotlight like they did in multiple chapters: he might be in danger very soon)
       Someone wanting to terminate dragons, and heard about a god that can actually be manipulated by threatening its seemingly only protection from insanity sounds cool


