Relevant media: 70wpllazzhq91.jpg


Ehhhh no nsfw tag?? SO WE CAN POST ART WITHOUT AUTOMATICALLY TAGGED AS NSFW NOW???? AGSHJSJDKS
  └─It uh
     It wasn't by our choice, Admins made the entire sub NSFW even though actual skimpy NSFW and porn NSFW are only 25% of our subreddit's posts
    └─It's not even the admins. Reddit staff turned the sub NSFW. Admins tried to appeal but ultimately failed, which is why r/GenshinGaysE is a thing now.
      └─No, we didn’t 😭
         Admins are different from moderators, the moderating staff here tried to appeal to Reddit Admins but we hadn't heard back yet
         Edit: WE'RE OPEN Y'ALL
        └─Thanks for the clarification!
          └─It’s no prob, we’re still going to try to see if they’ll ever answer us
          └─HOLY CRAP I WAS AT WORK AND COULDN'T CHECK BUT WE'RE NOT NSFW ANYMORE
            └─LET'S HOPE IT STAYS THAT WAY
        └─Omg I'm so happy ahhh 
           Finally.
           Thankss mods 😭😭 love u all


Xingqiu is absolutely adorable :3
   I love him and Chongyun ~💜


[Xingqiu sauce](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/98393507)


i just wish xingqui didn't look so young ngl
  └─All the short boys look the same age.
    └─if you compare xingqui and venti's appearance to razor or cyno for example, there is a pretty clear difference. i wouldn't put xingqiu's appearance above age 12, *maybe* 13 while razor and cyno for example look far older, razor doesn't look younger than at least like 16 imo, and cyno could be far older
      └─That's just your head canon on their appearances. If you look at what they actually look like, it's the same.
        └─the faces on xq and venti are clearly meant to look younger
          └─Literally everyone in the game is meant to look "younger." 
             This is an anime-based game, and anime-based games tend to go for the more "delicate"/"young" look, regardless of the personality of the actual character. I mean, if that wasn't the case, then the majority of the female characters wouldn't have big-ass eyes and round faces. Even in anime you can make them look mature, but most anime-based games don't wanna go that route. That's just how these games work, man.
          └─i honestly don't get why this is getting so many dislikes, you can't tell me you don't see a difference between the ones i mentioned
            └─It's because it seems like you're trying to force your headcanons on others all because you can't seem to differentiate how characters look. You make it seem like, because you thoroughly analyzed each character, that your HCs about their ages is more factual than our own. Well, that's how I viewed your comments anyway.
               Other than the obvious children (Diona, QiQi, and the other lolies), every character is automatically 18+ unless proven otherwise


