Relevant media: n9b9cs6l2ns91.png


Paimon decided that she wants to explore the area ahead of her *now*


She finally finished her work and is now able to “celebrate” the travelers return.
  └─[deleted]
    └─LMAO WTF ☠️☠️☠️☠️, get help, seriously
    └─Jesse, what the fuck are you talking about?
    └─zero pussy strat
    └─Buddy it’s obvious it’s you who craves the monster cock in your ass.
      └─[deleted]
        └─Lol alt ? Sure buddy everyone who sees you as a sick weirdo is just an alt of one guy.
    └─Lol in your sick head maybe but normal people don’t see that. Also lol decided to stalk me after you got pressed that’s hilarious.


This a mod? If so, would they instantly detect the game has been modded and ban that account?
  └─It’s a private server most likely, that way they can secretly work on mods for the game without being detected by hoyo
    └─That’s very interesting, wouldn’t they need a way to replicate the game, like the source code to make that happen?
       Or am I way off the mark?
      └─Game computes all logic locally anyway, server just does the same and approves/disapproves. If you try to calculate everything on server only, it will create immense delay and make game unplayable.
         Even in multiplayer games your client predicts movements for enemies, that's why with bad connection you can see players tp across the map. That's because predictor worked without actual data too long and wasn't precise enough.
      └─Hmmm I’m not 100% sure if this is how it works, but iirc, hackers from early on in the game were able to obtain a copy of the game’s files, and before hoyo punished them, they were able to spread it to certain folks so that they could create private servers up to date with the game’s updates. I’m PRETTY sure this is what happened, but I’m no tech wiz, so I’m not completely sure how it works
        └─There was a leaked, open-source beta build at one point. People have been adapting it ever since.
        └─Me neither, but I really do appreciate you trying to explain it to me.
           Thank you.
      └─You can always reverse engineer.
         And reverse engineer they did.
    └─mind linking said mod? don't see it on gamebanana
  └─In theory, no they can’t detect you being in a private server since you’re just sending things that you did to your own pc (your own server). 
     In practice it’s best you don’t. You account could leave traces, and thus you’d be find out if they ever check for logs.
  └─Yeah its a mod


So is that how she looks ingame or its made like that bc why there is a need to design that ingame
  └─It’s a mod, normally the clothes are her skin


Is this a mod?
  └─Yes


Despite the horny temptations that most likely went behind the scenes into making this, this is actually some very impressive modding
  └─Respect to those who use hornyness as their source of willpower


Proud to show the traveler she's wearing the finest silk in the land of Teyvat.


Hello, just a reminder to everyone to review the rules. They are subject to change without warning. And also to make sure to report posts by spam bots so they can be removed quickly. (Shameless plug time) Feel free to join this sub's discord server too while you're at it https://discord.com/invite/bGn6Aj2
   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenshinImpactNSFW) if you have any questions or concerns.*


